these two white people wanted a drink so
they crashed into a wedding party
oh my god it was a wedding party for
people of color only
but they stayed calm and sat at the
banquet table the people sitting at the
table were confused
i am the bride's cousin for the bride
cheers
they even stole the key card and sneaked
into the young couple's wedding room
the couple entered the room when
suddenly they found two people making
love
what are you doing
this man is adri he is a successful
journalist
his colleague worked hard to write a
rather long article
he just changed the author's name to his
name the article became his
the boss also likes him after that night
he couldn't forget that rebellious girl
but he only knew her name was carla it
was the first time the two of them had
met
she only left him a jacket adrie found
an address note in her pocket
he looked up the address and found it to
be a psychiatric hospital
but when he got there he was kicked out
immediately he really wanted to meet
carla
he reached out to a doctor to help him
confirm his mental illness so he could
stay in the hospital with her
he met carla but she was not happy to
see him adrie suddenly felt that he was
an idiot
he finds the doctor and says he wants to
leave i am not mentally ill
it's all made up we have heard these
words
he did not give up he asked to call the
newsroom to prove it
unfortunately the person who got the
phone was the colleague from who he
stole the article
to take revenge on him she lied that the
company didn't have anyone by that name
so adrian continued to be kept in this
psychiatric hospital
and what's even worse is that tomorrow
is his deadline
to keep his job adri wrote about the
patients in this psychiatric hospital
they are trash people he said however in
this hospital
he was the only one who was different
adrie had to continue
faking his illness to have a chance to
get out he talked to other patients to
get their sympathy
adri promises to help martha a patient
with tourette syndrome
pursue the person she loves adrie helped
her to write a love letter and practiced
with her
finally the day arrived but martha could
not control her convulsions and bad
speech
she was extremely embarrassed and left
but carla told her to ignore
all the rhetoric in the letter and just
to express her sincere words
victor i like you i like you too victor
then agreed to date martha
after that carla and adrie's
relationship also got better
one day adrie found out that his
roommate had disappeared
maybe because of his daughter saul
jumped down from the third floor
in the past he kept hiding his daughter
from being a mental patient
because the ex-wife's family thinks that
he will adversely affect her
every time he met his daughter saul
pretended to be a doctor
my ex-wife forbids me from seeing my
daughter i should have gone to her house
to take my daughter away
i have to kill them after recalling
saul's words adri was flustered
you never know what a madman would do
adrie immediately finds
so
it's only the drawing that her daughter
gave saul adri stealthily placed it
there
after a crazy night saul fell asleep and
he looked like a child
finally they are assured on her way back
to the hospital
carla realized that adrie has made the
patience in the psychiatric hospital to
be more active
when they returned adri suddenly stopped
he stood in front of the hospital gate
and looked at the open hospital door
he would be free if he just walks
through it but adri did not run away
he returned to the mental hospital next
to the crazy girl
now adrie believes that he can make
carla better so she can become a normal
person
as the days passed adrie was familiar
with all the things there
there were even times when adrie forgot
that carla was a psychiatrist
that day carla was extremely excited
adrie felt something was wrong
but he didn't mind in the evening adrie
found carla standing on the terrace
she was unusually excited then hurry up
i discovered
that here i can see the ocean across the
mountain did you take medicine
i did not i've never felt better now
carla was standing in a very dangerous
position
adrie was terrified he wanted to bring
carla back
but carla's face suddenly changed i just
want to share with you what i'm seeing
when carla was deep in her mood adrie
immediately pulled her back
then he told the doctor that carla had
stopped taking the pills for a few days
the next day when carla found herself
getting an infusion
she couldn't stand it adri never
understood carla when she was sick
who do you think you are you have no
right to mess with my life like that
karla didn't want to see adrie at this
point his previous article was posted
online
people are extremely disappointed with
him we are the trash of society
right no shut up after the doctor
learned that adrie was an ordinary
person
she told him the most difficult thing
for a mentally ill patient is that
everyone wishes them to behave like a
normal person
before leaving adri saw saul's family in
the end
saul made it clear about his illnesses
to his daughter he won't have to pretend
to be a doctor anymore
his ex-wife did not stop the father and
daughter from meeting each other
adri said goodbye to his roommate and
left the hospital
he later realized that karla didn't need
his help he wrote down their stories
the story became famous online carla
read the article
she went to find adrie and asked him to
date her like when they first met and
rebelled together
however after the rebellion carla
returned alone to the mental hospital
perhaps for a patient with a mental
illness this was just another outbreak
after that only the endless loneliness
remained with her